Task/update action with filter iterate all entities (#492)
telefonicaid/perseo-fe: documentation/plain_rules.md

        changed).
-   actionType: optional, type of CB action: APPEND, UPDATE or DELETE. By default is APPEND.
    -   APPEND: updated attributes (if previously exist in the entity) or append them to the entity (if previously
        doesn't exist in the entity)
    -   UPDATE: update attributes, asumming they exist (otherwise the update operation fails at CB)
    -   DELETE: delete attributes (or the entity itself if the attributes list is empty)
-   trust: optional, trust token for getting an access token from Auth Server which can be used to get to a Context
    Broker behind a PEP.
-   service: optional, service that will be used by updateAction rule instead of current event service, pep url will be
    used instead of contextbroker.
-   subservice: optional, subservice that will be used by updateAction rule instead of current event service, pep url
    will be used instead of contextbroker.
-   filter: optional, a NGSIv2 filter. If provided then updateAction is done over result of query. This overrides the
    `id` field (in other words, if you use `filter` then `id` field is ignored, in fact you should not use `id` and

>     `filter` in the same rule). Needs `version: 2` option (if `version` is `1` the filter is ignored). An `options` sub-field can be used to specific 
>     [ngsijs options](https://conwetlab.github.io/ngsijs/stable/NGSI.Connection.html#.%22v2.listEntities%22__anchor) to be used. However, note that `limit`, `offset` and `count` options doesn't have any effect, as Perseo implements its own way of processing large filter results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `filter` in the same rule). Needs `version: 2` option (if `version` is `1` the filter is ignored). The value of this field is an object which keys are the possible options described in [ngsijs options](https://conwetlab.github.io/ngsijs/stable/NGSI.Connection.html#.%22v2.listEntities%22__anchor), e.g: `type`, `q`, `georel`, `geometry`, `georel`, etc. However, note that the options related with pagination (`limit`, `offset` and `count`) are ignored, as Perseo implements its own way of processing large filter results. 
```

    -   APPEND: updated attributes (if previously exist in the entity) or append them to the entity (if previously
        doesn't exist in the entity)
    -   UPDATE: update attributes, asumming they exist (otherwise the update operation fails at CB)
    -   DELETE: delete attributes (or the entity itself if the attributes list is empty)
-   trust: optional, trust token for getting an access token from Auth Server which can be used to get to a Context
    Broker behind a PEP.
-   service: optional, service that will be used by updateAction rule instead of current event service, pep url will be
    used instead of contextbroker.
-   subservice: optional, subservice that will be used by updateAction rule instead of current event service, pep url
    will be used instead of contextbroker.
-   filter: optional, a NGSIv2 filter. If provided then updateAction is done over result of query. This overrides the
    `id` field (in other words, if you use `filter` then `id` field is ignored, in fact you should not use `id` and
    `filter` in the same rule). Needs `version: 2` option (if `version` is `1` the filter is ignored). Filter could

>     countain [options](https://conwetlab.github.io/ngsijs/stable/NGSI.Connection.html#.%22v2.listEntities) and

Reviewer: With regards to options, I understand this is the way described in this documentation:

```
            "filter": {
                "type": "SensorMetter",
                "options": {...}
            },
```

Is my understanding correct?

Btw, which sub-elements are allowed in filter, appar from `type`, `options` and `iterateAll`?

Author: Updated in https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/pull/492/commits/6edfebae1b6f3fe3e3920c3140cc34b07889a43e

>     aditionally boolean field `iterateAll` to overcome default limit used by ngsijs library.

Reviewer: Do we really need a field to select the mode? Why don't just use always the pagination-based mode? Or, in other words, which use case will benefit from the limited to 20 moe `iterateAll: false`?

Author: It's that i've concluded reading issue: https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/issues/455 but I'm agree on iterate always should be default and unique behaviour

Author: finally implemented as unique and default behavior in https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/pull/492/commits/b407519135ebc8d3b0c05cc2bff6f47b9b0abf50

        changed).
-   actionType: optional, type of CB action: APPEND, UPDATE or DELETE. By default is APPEND.
    -   APPEND: updated attributes (if previously exist in the entity) or append them to the entity (if previously
        doesn't exist in the entity)
    -   UPDATE: update attributes, asumming they exist (otherwise the update operation fails at CB)
    -   DELETE: delete attributes (or the entity itself if the attributes list is empty)
-   trust: optional, trust token for getting an access token from Auth Server which can be used to get to a Context
    Broker behind a PEP.
-   service: optional, service that will be used by updateAction rule instead of current event service, pep url will be
    used instead of contextbroker.
-   subservice: optional, subservice that will be used by updateAction rule instead of current event service, pep url
    will be used instead of contextbroker.
-   filter: optional, a NGSIv2 filter. If provided then updateAction is done over result of query. This overrides the
    `id` field (in other words, if you use `filter` then `id` field is ignored, in fact you should not use `id` and

>     `filter` in the same rule). Needs `version: 2` option (if `version` is `1` the filter is ignored). Filter could
>     countain fields from
>     [ngsijs options](https://conwetlab.github.io/ngsijs/stable/NGSI.Connection.html#.%22v2.listEntities%22__anchor) but
>     perseo-fe is ready to overcome default limit used by ngsijs library.

Reviewer: Maybe this is clearer:

```suggestion
    `filter` in the same rule). Needs `version: 2` option (if `version` is `1` the filter is ignored). An `option` sub-field can be used to specific 
    [ngsijs options](https://conwetlab.github.io/ngsijs/stable/NGSI.Connection.html#.%22v2.listEntities%22__anchor) to be used. However, note that `limit`, `offset` and `count` options doesn't have any effect, as Perseo implements its own way of processing large filter results.
```

}
```

```json
{
    "name": "murule",
    "text": "select *,'myrule' as ruleName from pattern [every ev=iotEvent(type='SensorMetter')]",
    "action": {
        "type": "update",
        "parameters": {
            "filter": {
                "type": "SensorMetter",

>                 "iterateAll": true

Reviewer: Example is correct? As far as I understand by https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/pull/492#discussion_r576127504 at the end iterateAll is not going to be used because the paginated approach will be used.

Reviewer: In fact, maybe the usage of `options` could be illustrated (although looking to https://conwetlab.github.io/ngsijs/stable/NGSI.Connection.html#.%22v2.listEntities%22__anchor I'm not sure which one could make sense in Perseo update action use cases).

Author: fixed in https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/pull/492/commits/5615a33dadf19fa18a37e38ce852733368084bc0
